README.md, before:

# Tunic Randomizer Tracker by SapphireSapphic, ScoutJD, and Br00ty

To install, simply navigate to the package manager in EmoTracker, and search "Tunic", then hit download!
If you encounter any issues, please contact SapphireSapphic#8218 on discord.

Special thanks to SilentDestroyer for making the Tunic randomizer, and also for various insights that hepled make this package possible.
Shoutouts to Ekkosangen, Jabberrock, and Celeste for noticing little things that make the tracker better :)

East Forest and Rooted Ziggurat maps by [FletchIsAFurry](https://twitter.com/FletchIsAFurry).

Please note: Autotracker for this package is only available when using Poptracker.

Features of this tracker:
New to version 1.4 is tracking for Ability Randomizer! Pray, Holy Cross, and Ice Rod are now trackable items that start turned on by default. If you're playing Ability Rando, make sure to turn them off when you start the seed!

Also new to this version is Hint Tracking! As many of you may know, there are 8 static hints across the game, as well as 15 randomly generated ghost foxes. The current iteration of hint tracking will allow you to track all the static hints, and some ghost fox hints (this feature may expand in the future if it is feasible).
The top two hints always correspond to the starting Mailbox hint and the Laurels hint located in the Sealed Temple.
The Bottom Left 3 hints correspond to the 3 Hexagon hints, located in the Library, Swamp, and Monastery.
The Bottom Right 3 hints correspond to any major item hints you may want to keep track of on your journey.

As of version 1.5, this package is now also compatible with Poptracker, for use with Tunic Archipelago. This is all thanks to much hard work and love from Br00ty, who will continue to provide maintenence and updates concerning the Poptracker/AP side of things.

As of version 1.6, this package supports auto-tabbing (compatible with Poptracker only), and auto-layout switching for when the player is connected to the AP server and has the setting `Progressive Sword` on.

As of version 1.7, this package supports Ladder Shuffle (compatible with Poptracker only) and this packs logic has been fully updated, all thanks to @patrickwhite256 . 1.7 also features new maps of East Forest and Rooted Ziggurat, thanks to FletchIsAFurry. 

Note: The "Hints" section of the tracker is only intended for generalized hints (ie. "The Laurels are in The Quarry" or "East Forest is on the path of the hero"). For specific location hints, you can click on the corresponding check and mark the item directly (ie. 15 coins in the well hoards the Shield).

For Stats tracking, you can simply click the stat you just leveled up to advance it by one level. Levels alternate between regular and Gold coloring, with gold indicating that the corresponding hero relic has been obtained. 8 is the maximum level for all stats, and as such, only has a golden version. Similarly, Level 1 only has a regular version.

Commit message:

Map Rework 5: Quarry + Mountain Rename Tracker to "All-In-One" instead of just "Item & Map" Prep README for changes

README.md, after:

# Tunic Randomizer Tracker by SapphireSapphic, ScoutJD, Br00ty And Ukilop

To install, simply navigate to the package manager in EmoTracker, and search "Tunic", then hit download!
If you encounter any issues, please contact SapphireSapphic#8218 on discord.

Special thanks to SilentDestroyer for making the Tunic randomizer, and also for various insights that hepled make this package possible.
Shoutouts to Ekkosangen, Jabberrock, and Celeste for noticing little things that make the tracker better :)

East Forest and Rooted Ziggurat maps by [FletchIsAFurry](https://twitter.com/FletchIsAFurry).

Please note: Autotracker for this package is only available when using Poptracker.

Features of this tracker:
New to version 1.4 is tracking for Ability Randomizer! Pray, Holy Cross, and Ice Rod are now trackable items that start turned on by default. If you're playing Ability Rando, make sure to turn them off when you start the seed!

Also new to this version is Hint Tracking! As many of you may know, there are 8 static hints across the game, as well as 15 randomly generated ghost foxes. The current iteration of hint tracking will allow you to track all the static hints, and some ghost fox hints (this feature may expand in the future if it is feasible).
The top two hints always correspond to the starting Mailbox hint and the Laurels hint located in the Sealed Temple.
The Bottom Left 3 hints correspond to the 3 Hexagon hints, located in the Library, Swamp, and Monastery.
The Bottom Right 3 hints correspond to any major item hints you may want to keep track of on your journey.

As of version 1.5, this package is now also compatible with Poptracker, for use with Tunic Archipelago. This is all thanks to much hard work and love from Br00ty, who will continue to provide maintenence and updates concerning the Poptracker/AP side of things.

As of version 1.6, this package supports auto-tabbing (compatible with Poptracker only), and auto-layout switching for when the player is connected to the AP server and has the setting `Progressive Sword` on.

As of version 1.7, this package supports Ladder Shuffle (compatible with Poptracker only) and this packs logic has been fully updated, all thanks to @patrickwhite256 . 1.7 also features new maps of East Forest and Rooted Ziggurat, thanks to FletchIsAFurry. 

As of Version 1.8, Entrance Randomizer! (Poptracker only) Thanks to @Ukilop with help of various discord helpers. Use the "Entrance Visibility" item to toggle visibility of all entrances.
Entrances have a "Traveresed" item that is automatically given when that entrance is entered (or exited), and connected to an AP server.
Entrances are Blue (Scoutable) if reachable but unchecked, 
Green (Reachable) or Grey (Checked) if checked. Most entrances have a "Done" check to manually toggle them between Green/Gray as a means of manually marking "Dead end" entrances or "Compleated" paths.

Note: The "Hints" section of the tracker is only intended for generalized hints (ie. "The Laurels are in The Quarry" or "East Forest is on the path of the hero"). For specific location hints, you can click on the corresponding check and mark the item directly (ie. 15 coins in the well hoards the Shield).

For Stats tracking, you can simply click the stat you just leveled up to advance it by one level. Levels alternate between regular and Gold coloring, with gold indicating that the corresponding hero relic has been obtained. 8 is the maximum level for all stats, and as such, only has a golden version. Similarly, Level 1 only has a regular version.
